add  zone and shape filters  for GiVersion and DbSystemShapes (#30071)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/oracle_db_system_shapes.html.markdown

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region to query for the system shapes in.

> * `zone` - (Optional) The Cloud Exadata Infrastructure Azure zone.

Reviewer: It probably makes sense to update this description to make it clear this is for filtering the returned shapes by zone

> * `zone` - (Optional) The Cloud Exadata Infrastructure Azure zone, used to filter out the available dbSystem shapes in the specific region. 

Reviewer: Minor change to match what's in the Data Source's description, and should `region` be `zone`? Region is already covered by `location`

```suggestion
* `zone` - (Optional) The Cloud Exadata Infrastructure Azure zone, used to filter out the available DB System Shapes in the specific zone. 
```
